Adding  documentation explaining what is a CrashLoopBackOff (#45928)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle.md

Reviewer: Please implement line breaks at 80 characters (except for links) for reviewer readability :)

entry inside `initContainers` that has its container-level `restartPolicy` set to `Always`.
For init containers that exit with an error, the kubelet restarts the init container if
the Pod level `restartPolicy` is either `OnFailure` or `Always`:

* `Always`: Automatically restarts the container after any termination.
* `OnFailure`: Only restarts the container if it exits with an error (non-zero exit status).
* `Never`: Does not automatically restart the terminated container.

When the kubelet is handling container restarts according to the configured restart
policy, that only applies to restarts that make replacement containers inside the
same Pod and running on the same node. After containers in a Pod exit, the kubelet
restarts them with an exponential backoff delay (10s, 20s, 40s, …), that is capped at
300 seconds (5 minutes). Once a container has executed for 10 minutes without any
problems, the kubelet resets the restart backoff timer for that container.
[Sidecar containers and Pod lifecycle](/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/sidecar-containers/#sidecar-containers-and-pod-lifecycle)
explains the behaviour of `init containers` when specify `restartpolicy` field on it.

> ## How Pods handle problems with containers {#CrashLoopBackOff}

Reviewer 2: Now that the page has a new shape, I suggest:
```suggestion
## How Pods handle problems with containers {#container-restarts}
```

and I would move this new section _before_ the **Restart policy** section.

Author: moving before the Restart policy section

Kubernetes manages container failures within Pods using a [`restartPolicy`](#restart-policy) defined in the Pod `spec`. This policy determines how Kubernetes reacts to containers exiting due to errors or other reasons, which falls in the following sequence:

1. **Initial Crash**: Kubernetes attempts an immediate restart based on the Pod `restartPolicy`.
1. **Repeated Crashes**: After the the initial crash Kubernetes applies an exponential
   backoff delay for subsequent restarts, described in [`restartPolicy`](#restart-policy).
   This prevents rapid, repeated restart attempts from overloading the system.
1. **CrashLoopBackOff State**: This indicates that the backoff delay mechanism is currently
   in effect for a given container that is in a crash loop, failing and restarting repeatedly.
1. **Backoff Reset**: If a container runs successfully for a certain duration
   (e.g., 10 minutes), Kubernetes resets the backoff delay, treating any new crash

>    as the first one.

Reviewer 2: Nit: the emphasized text should be in sentence case, not title case.

In practice, a `CrashLoopBackOff` is a condition or event that might be seen as output
from the `kubectl` command, while describing or listing Pods, when a container in the Pod
fails to start properly and then continually tries and fails in a loop.

In other words, when a container enters the crash loop, Kubernetes applies the
exponential backoff delay mentioned in the [Container restart policy](#restart-policy).
This mechanism prevents a faulty container from overwhelming the system with continuous
failed start attempts.

The `CrashLoopBackOff` can be caused by issues like the following:

* Application errors that cause the container to exit.
* Configuration errors, such as incorrect environment variables or missing
  configuration files.
* Resource constraints, where the container might not have enough memory or CPU
  to start properly.
* Health checks failing if the application doesn't start serving within the
  expected time.
* Container liveness probes or startup probes returning a `Failure` result

>   as mentioned in in the [probes section](#container-probes).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  as mentioned in the [probes section](#container-probes).
```

To investigate the root cause of a `CrashLoopBackOff` issue, a user can:

> 

Reviewer 2: Nit: the emphasized text (eg Check Logs) should be in sentence case, not title case.

1. **Check Logs**: Use `kubectl logs <name-of-pod>` to check the logs of the container.
   This is often the most direct way to diagnose the issue causing the crashes.
1. **Inspect Events**: Use `kubectl describe pod <name-of-pod>` to see events
   for the Pod, which can provide hints about configuration or resource issues.
1. **Review Configuration**: Ensure that the Pod configuration, including
   environment variables and mounted volumes, is correct and that all required
   external resources are available.
1. **Check Resource Limits**: Make sure that the container has enough CPU
   and memory allocated. Sometimes, increasing the resources in the Pod definition
   can resolve the issue.
1. **Debug Application**: There might exist bugs or misconfigurations in the
   application code. Running this container image locally or in a development

>    environment can help diagnose application-specific issues.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   environment can help diagnose application specific issues.
```

[Sidecar containers and Pod lifecycle](/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/sidecar-containers/#sidecar-containers-and-pod-lifecycle)
explains the behaviour of `init containers` when specify `restartpolicy` field on it.

> ### CrashLoopBackOff

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## How Pods handle problems with containers {#CrashLoopBackOff}
```

The extra bit at the end is a custom fragment identifier, BTW.

> `CrashLoopBackOff` is a status that Kubernetes sets for a Pod when the Pod's container fails to start properly and then continually tries and fails in a loop. This status is a clear indication that Kubernetes is attempting to a container, but the container keeps crashing during startup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`CrashLoopBackOff` is a status that Kubernetes sets for a Pod when a container in the Pod fails to start properly and then continually tries and fails in a loop. This status is a clear indication that Kubernetes is attempting to a container, but the container keeps crashing during startup.
```

> `CrashLoopBackOff` is a status that Kubernetes sets for a Pod when the Pod's container fails to start properly and then continually tries and fails in a loop. This status is a clear indication that Kubernetes is attempting to a container, but the container keeps crashing during startup.

Reviewer: The second sentence doesn't add new information, so I'd get rid of it

> `CrashLoopBackOff` is a status that Kubernetes sets for a Pod when the Pod's container fails to start properly and then continually tries and fails in a loop. This status is a clear indication that Kubernetes is attempting to a container, but the container keeps crashing during startup.

Reviewer: How does this interact with the exponential backoff delay? Does CrashLoopBackOff get set when the container reaches the backoff delay cap of 5 minutes?

> `CrashLoopBackOff` is a status that Kubernetes sets for a Pod when a container in the Pod fails to start properly and then continually tries and fails in a loop. This status is a clear indication that Kubernetes is attempting to a container, but the container keeps crashing during startup.

Reviewer 2: Does this term show up (`CrashLoopBackOff`) show up in the Kubernetes API?

Reviewer 2: I think `CrashLoopBackOff` is a term from ``kubectl` (we should definitely still document it). It's not an actual Pod status.

> #### Causes for CrashLoopBackOff

Reviewer: Don't think that this needs a subheading

> A `CrashLoopBackOff` status can be caused by a variety of issues, including but not limited to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `CrashLoopBackOff` status can be caused by issues like the following:
```

Reviewer 2: See https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/45928/files#r1572662461

> - Application errors within the container.

Reviewer: Application errors that cause the container to exit?

> - Configuration errors, such as incorrect environment variables or missing configuration files that the application requires.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Configuration errors, such as incorrect environment variables or missing configuration files
```

- Resource constraints, where the container might not have enough memory or CPU to start properly.

> - Health checks failing if the application doesn't start serving (e.g., HTTP requests) within the expected time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Health checks failing if the application doesn't start serving within the expected time.
```

> - Health checks failing if the application doesn't start serving (e.g., HTTP requests) within the expected time.

Reviewer: I think you should talk about probes here and even link to the probes section on this page `#container-probes`. Something like "Container liveness probes or startup probes returning a `Failure` result"
